README.md, before:

# GoScience
GoScience is proxy server written in Go for downloading academic papers from Scihub, particulary
useful in case your institution/workplace blocked the access to Scihub, but you
still need the access to scientific articles.

GoScience is very easy to use. All you need is password, and doi link. See screenshot of
application below:

![GoScience screenshot](goScience_screenshot.png)

Doi could be provided via url:
```
http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2854146
```

or just the number
```
10.1145/2854146
```

# GoScience Configuration
GoScience server port and password used for downloading articles are set via `conf.json` file
located in the GoScience root directory. Password is used to keep the bots and undesirable
people away from spending our precious bandwith.

Configuration example:

```json
{
    "PORT": "8080",
    "PASSWORD": "super_secret_password",
    "ScihubURL": "https://latestScihubURL"
}
```

## Starting server
Server is started via executing main binary file:
```
./main
```

Commit message:

Update html tag from which article url is parsed, add build instructions

README.md, after:

# GoScience
GoScience is proxy server written in Go for downloading academic papers from Scihub, particulary
useful in case your institution/workplace blocked the access to Scihub, but you
still need the access to scientific articles.

GoScience is very easy to use. All you need is password, and doi link. See screenshot of
application below:

![GoScience screenshot](goScience_screenshot.png)

Doi could be provided via url:
```
http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2854146
```

or just the number
```
10.1145/2854146
```

# Build from source

    git clone https://github.com/GreatDanton/GoScience.git

    cd GoScience

    # compile /public/main.scss into /public/main_min.css
    # A fast and easy way to do that is to use `prepros` tool

    go build main.go


# GoScience Configuration
GoScience server port and password used for downloading articles are set via `conf.json` file
located in the GoScience root directory. Password is used to keep the bots and undesirable
people away from spending our precious bandwidth.

Configuration example:

```json
{
    "PORT": "8080",
    "PASSWORD": "super_secret_password",
    "ScihubURL": "https://latestScihubURL"
}
```

## Starting server
Server is started via executing main binary file:
```
./main
```
